just a short word about the cases
So they were fresh
we have all the excitement elke old
cemetery there you really get 18
I did that with so many
swear on types of years and laurels
and and juniper and hats did not see
This trout farm also has a
restaurant that has been around since 35
years with us and I always think why
reinvent the wheel
they are laying their freshly caught
trout in salzlake 1 10% saline
come in there for twelve hours
you just have to pay attention to it all the higher
the concentration of the salzlake all the more
less marinated time should the
actually have
That means if you're there after twelve hours
no time has the rausholen the
wash thoroughly
then just five percent or less
what can you do that longer in the water
let lie
that has already happened i have
the rinsed out now you should on it
eighth when held open after
and that they are a bit dry so the
Skin should be already dried the
should not shine so much
furthermore, foil potatoes nothing
so special taste is yes
unlike i do it before
Brush a little with olive oil from
outside and once salted and peppered
I do not know my imagination
probably only one but I think
they have a slightly spicy touch
but that remains for everyone
leave
That's why I advise the great here
about spices or think about which
Sossenheim's taste is always
differently
furthermore importantly very important
will be later after so hung up
that they stand upright
I have I was in the goal I was there
olive oil has made it from the weather
plastered out beforehand otherwise this sticks
everything about the skin flap and the wool
of course avoid because we want the
do not trout any more
already touch the potato in the
lateral firebox I always can
open in between and the potato
even so they do not turn black
and so not on one
minute I put them too
rust is the best experience for me
it does not matter if you look
forgot to turn
the things are not the same and black
then Switzerland me the same times on the
grill and keep looking
Then I wanted to give you the practice
show the model right now
actually opened the 80th
Degree
the four are in the meantime
taken there one of the
Outsider was not so in the beginning
popular as I said only in salzlake
inserted and here we are here
The potatoes already in there beech wood
Brent gives me the 80 degrees later
that fits that I can if and
turn as I want without even
chamber to touch the trout stay
completely untouched and I have to give
Process not by constantly on and
it can be very good here
to regulate the heat knows now too
I is exhaust pipe I
completely open here is the other side
I will close later
so I have a bit more smoke
But first I want this process
as I said the potatoes are
on this the whole thing will be complete
closed , I would refill immediately
of course, this opens completely
flap and sweat off the bottom
then I do not need to the
Potato says so and if that like that
you are ready to see it again
on the plate
see you soon
so we have phase and smoke phase
Meanwhile, the golden brown are reached
they may see again as
photo on the plate and he also sees
that the potato is under the smoke
but have suffered only the
alufoil so everything is buttery soft and now
you can eat